liquidSVM: A Fast and Versatile SVM Package

Description

Support vector machines (SVMs) and related kernel-based learning
algorithms are a well-known class of machine learning algorithms, for
non-parametric classification and regression.
liquidSVM is an implementation of SVMs whose key features are:
fully integrated hyper-parameter selection,
extreme speed on both small and large data sets,
full flexibility for experts, and
inclusion of a variety of different learning scenarios:
multi-class classification, ROC, and Neyman-Pearson learning, and
least-squares, quantile, and expectile regression.

liquidSVM is licensed under AGPL 3.0



mc-svm.sh

This routine is intended for both binary and multiclass
classification. The binary classification is treated by
an SVM solver for the classical hinge loss, and for the
multiclass case, one-verus-all and all-versus-all reductions
to binary classification for the hinge and the least
squares loss are provided. The error of the very first
task is the overall classification error.


roc-svm.sh

This routine provides several points on the ROC curve by
solving multiple weighted binary classification problems.
It is only suitable to binary classification data.


npl-svm.sh

This routine provides binary classifiers that satisfy a 
predefined error rate on one type of error and that 
simlutaneously minimize the other type of error. For 
convenience some points on the ROC curve around the 
predefined error rate are returned.


ls-svm.sh

This routine performs non-parametric least squares regression
using SVMs. The tested estimators are therefore estimating 
the conditional means of Y given X.


ex-svm.sh

This routine performs non-parametric, asymmetric least squares 
regression using SVMs. The tested estimators are therefore estimating 
the conditional tau-expectiles of Y given X. By default, estimators
for five different tau values are computed.


qt-svm.sh

This routine performs non-parametric and quantile regression using SVMs. 
The tested estimators are therefore estimating the conditional tau-quantiles 
of Y given X. By default, estimators for five different tau values 
are computed.


bs-svm.sh

This routine performs bootstrap for binary classification data.
The very first error is the average classification error.



